v3.5.0-rc.2 (#6)
cybertec-postgresql/cybertec_migrator: README.md

For older releases see [Release Notes](RELEASE_NOTES.md).

### v3.5.0-rc.2

#### Features

- Several improvements in the execution of a migration:
    - Swap **execution order of *Integrity* and *Logic* stage**.

>       Having indices in the Logic stage makes it easier to test performance of views, stored procedures and triggers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Having indices in the Logic stage makes it easier to test performance of views, stored procedures and triggers.
```

      <p align="center">
          <img src="./docs/pictures/release-notes/v3.5.0/change-stage-execution-order.png"></img>
      </p>
    - Move **creation of [check constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-CHECK-CONSTRAINTS) from Logic into Structure stage**.
      Checking the data during the data bulk load is negligible compared to the time needed to re-read the table from disk in the Logic stage.

>     - As consequence **functions are created in the Structure stage**, before the tables, since check constraints may use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - As a consequence, **functions are created in the Structure stage** prior to tables, since they may be used by check constraints.
```

      The Logic stage re-creates the functions once again still providing the means for fast change-test round-trips.

> - The _Migration Overview_ was updated to reflect the changes in the migration execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The _Migration Overview_ was updated to reflect the changes in the migration execution:
```

>     - It is visible in which order the database objects are created: first schemas, then user defined types, then sequences, and so on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - It is visible in which order the database objects are created: first schemas, then user defined types, followed by sequences, etc.
```

      <p align="center">
          <img src="./docs/pictures/release-notes/v3.5.0/overview-shows-stage-execution.png"></img>
      </p>
    - Provide drill down on _Indices_ entry to show the number of unique indices. We will enrich the _Migration Overview_ with additional information in future releases.
      <p align="center">
          <img src="./docs/pictures/release-notes/v3.5.0/overview-show-unique-indices.png"></img>
      </p>
- Enhance migration configuration:
    - Constraint Renaming  
      Rename constraints in case there are naming collisions with other database objects.
      <p align="center">
          <img src="./docs/pictures/release-notes/v3.5.0/constraints-rename.png"></img>
      </p>

> - Improve handling of implicitly created indices via [Unique Constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-UNIQUE-CONSTRAINTS) or [Primary Keys](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-PRIMARY-KEYS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve handling of implicitly created indices via [Unique Constraints](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-UNIQUE-CONSTRAINTS) or [Primary Keys](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-PRIMARY-KEYS):
```

>     - Show implicitly created indices in the sidebar, and the _Indices_ view. In our example `dept_id_pk` is shown in the _Constraints_ as well as in the _Indices_ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Show implicitly created indices in the sidebar and the _Indices_ view. In our example, `dept_id_pk` is shown in the _Constraints_ as well as the _Indices_ section.
```

>     - A hyperlink in the _Indices_ view facilitates navigation to the constraint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A hyperlink in the _Indices_ view facilitates navigation to the constraint.
```

      <p align="center">
          <img src="./docs/pictures/release-notes/v3.5.0/indices-show-unique-indices.png"></img>
      </p>

>     - Rename implicitly created indices by renaming its constraint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Rename implicitly created indices by renaming its constraint.
```

> - *Log view* shows detailed information about the started migration job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Log view* shows detailed information about the started migration job:
```
